# JavaScript Constructor, Operator "new"

## Exercise 125

In many cases we will need to create multiple similar objects, such as users, menu items,
and so on. For that we use constructor functions and the `new` operator. Constructor
functions are named with the first letter capitalized and should only be called with the
`new` operator.

When we call a function with `new`, a new object is created and assigned to `this`, then
the function body is executed — normally `this` is modified and new properties are added
to it — and finally the value of `this` is returned. This allows us to create new objects
using the same properties, with only `this` changing to reflect each new object.

Any function, except arrow functions since they do not have a `this`, can be used as a
constructor. The capital letter is just a common convention to make it clear that a
function is meant to be called with `new`.

If we have many lines of code for the creation of a single complex object, we can wrap
them all in a constructor function that is called immediately. This constructor cannot be
called again since it is not saved anywhere — it is simply created and invoked, as shown
in **ex125**.

---

## Exercise 126

We can check whether a function was called with `new` or not using the special property
`new.target` inside the function. It is `undefined` for regular calls and equal to the
function itself when called with `new`. We can use this check inside the function to make
it behave as if `new` was used even when it was not. It is not considered good practice,
but it is widely used in libraries to make the syntax more flexible, as shown in
**ex126**.

---

## Exercise 127

Normally we do not use a `return` statement inside constructor functions, but if there is
one, the following rules apply:

- If `return` is called with an object, that object will be returned instead of `this`.
- If `return` is called with a primitive value, it will be ignored.

In general, `return` is never used inside these functions. Also, we can omit the
parentheses after `new` — it is not good style, but it is a valid syntax according to the
specification, as shown in **ex127**.

---

## Exercise 128

Constructor functions can have parameters that define how to build the object and what to
put inside it. Of course, we can not only add properties but also methods inside these
functions, as shown in **ex128**.
