# Challenge 054

## Sum numbers from the visitor

Create a script that prompts the visitor to enter two numbers and then shows their sum.

P.S. There is a gotcha with types.

---

# Challenge 055

## Why 6.35.toFixed(1) == 6.3?

According to the documentation `Math.round` and `toFixed` both round to the nearest number: `0..4` lead down while `5..9` lead up.

For instance:

```js
alert( 1.35.toFixed(1) ); // 1.4
```

In the similar example below, why is `6.35` rounded to `6.3`, not `6.4`?

```js
alert( 6.35.toFixed(1) ); // 6.3
```

How to round `6.35` the right way?

---

# Challenge 056

## Repeat until the input is a number

Create a function `readNumber` which prompts for a number until the visitor enters a valid numeric value.

The resulting value must be returned as a number.

The visitor can also stop the process by entering an empty line or pressing "CANCEL". In that case, the function should return `null`.

---

# Challenge 057

## An occasional infinite loop

This loop is infinite. It never ends. Why?

```js
let i = 0;
while (i != 10) {
  i += 0.2;
}
```

---

# Challenge 058

## A random number from min to max

The built-in function `Math.random()` creates a random value from `0` to `1` (not including `1`).

Write the function `random(min, max)` to generate a random floating-point number from `min` to `max` (not including `max`).

Examples of its work:

```js
alert( random(1, 5) ); // 1.2345623452
alert( random(1, 5) ); // 3.7894332423
alert( random(1, 5) ); // 4.3435234525
```

---

# Challenge 059

## A random integer from min to max

Create a function `randomInteger(min, max)` that generates a random *integer* number from `min` to `max` including both `min` and `max` as possible values.

Any number from the interval `min..max` must appear with the same probability.

Examples of its work:

```js
alert( randomInteger(1, 5) ); // 1
alert( randomInteger(1, 5) ); // 3
alert( randomInteger(1, 5) ); // 5
```

You can use the solution of the previous task as the base.
