# Challenge 027

## Last loop value

What is the value alerted by this code? Why?

```js
let i = 3

while (i) {
    alert(i--)
}
```

---

# Challenge 028

## Which values does the while loop show?

For every loop iteration, write down which value it outputs and then compare it whin the solution.

Both loops `alerts` the same values, or not?

1. The prefix form `++i`:

```js
let i = 0;
while (++i < 5) alert(i);
```

2. The profix form `i++`

```js
let i = 0;
while (i++ < 5) alert(i);
```

---

# Challenge 029

## Which values get shown by the "for" loop?

For each loop write down which values it is going to show. Then compare with the answer.

Both loops `alert` same values or not?

1. The postfix form:

```js
for (let i = 0; i < 5; i++) alert(i);
```

2. The prefix form:

```js
for (let i = 0; i < 5; ++i) alert(i);
```

---

# Challenge 030

## Output even numbers in the loop

Use the `for` loop to output even numbers from `2` to `10`.

---

# Challenge 031

## Replace "for" with "while"

Rewrite the code changing the `for` loop to `while` without altering its behavior (the output should stay same).

```js
for (let i = 0; i < 3; i++) {
    alert(`number ${i}!`);
}
```

---

# Challenge 032

## Repeat until the input is correct

Write a loop which prompts for a number greater than `100`. If the visitor enters another number - ask them to input again.

The loop must ask for a number until either the visitor enters a number greater than `100` or cancels the input/enters an empty line.

Here we can assume that the visitor only inputs numbers. There's no need to implement a special handling for a non-numeric input in this task.

---

# Challenge 033

## Output prime numbers

An integer number greater than `1` is called a *prime* if it cannot be divided without a remainder by anything except `1` and itself.

In other words, `n > 1` is a prime if it can't be evenly divided by anything except `1` and `n`.

for example, `5` is a prime, because it cannot be divided without a remainder by `2`, `3` and `4`.

Write the code which outputs prime numbers in the interval from `2` to `n`.

For `n = 10` the result will be `2,3,5,7`.

P.S. The code should work for any `n`, not be hard-tuned for any fixed value.